
INTRODUCTION
============

The ntfs-3g driver is an open source, freely available read/write NTFS
driver, which provides safe and fast handling of the Windows XP, Windows 
Server 2003 and Windows 2000 filesystems. Almost the full POSIX filesystem 
functionality is supported, the major exceptions are changing the file 
ownerships and the access rights.

The purpose of the project is to develop, continuously quality test and
support a trustable, featureful and high performance solution for hardware
platforms and operating systems whose users need to reliably interoperate
with NTFS. Besides this practical goal, the project also aims to explore
the limits of the hybrid, kernel/user space filesystem driver approach,
performance, reliability and feature richness per invested effort wise.

The driver currently is in BETA status, which means that we weren't
reported and haven't found any data corruption or loss during ordinary
driver use and in our extensive quality testing before release of the
latest version of ntfs-3g, however we are aware of some usability issues
and driver restrictions which are all documented and planned to be resolved
in the future.

You can find news, technical answers, problem submission instructions, 
performance evaluation and other informations on the project web site: 

			http://www.ntfs-3g.org


QUICK INSTALLATION
==================
	
Make sure you have the basic Linux development tools and the full FUSE 
package (http://fuse.sourceforge.net) is already installed correctly on 
the computer. Then type:  

	./configure
	make
	make install      # or 'sudo make install' if you aren't root.


USAGE
=====

If there was no error during installation then the NTFS volume can be
read-write mounted for everybody the following way (unmount the volume if 
it was already mounted, and replace /dev/hda1 and /mnt/windows, if needed):

    ntfs-3g /dev/hda1 /mnt/windows

You may also need to set the 'locale' option to make all files with national 
characters visible. Replace the below hu_HU.utf8 with the appropriate setting. 

    ntfs-3g /dev/hda1 /mnt/windows -o locale=hu_HU.utf8

Please see the ntfs-3g manual page for more options and examples.

You can also make NTFS to be mounted during boot by putting the below 
line at the end of the /etc/fstab file:

    /dev/hda1 /mnt/windows ntfs-3g defaults 0 0

